# ZegoExpressSDK Qt Demo

ZegoExpressSDK is developed using C++11, and cross-platform development is supported. This Qt demo can be runed on both Mac and Win system.

## 1 Prepare the environment

Please ensure that the development environment meets the following technical requirements:

* Operating system Windows7 or above
* External devices that support audio and video functions such as microphones and cameras, and make sure the network is available.
* Install Visual Studio 2015 or above
* Install Qt 5.9.0 or above [Download here](http://download.qt.io/official_releases/qt/5.9/5.9.0/)

## 2 Running the sample code

### 2.1 Fill in AppID and AppSign

The AppID and AppSign required by the SDK are missing in the sample code, please refer to [Get AppID and AppSign Guidelines \| _blank](https://doc.zego.im/API/HideDoc/GetExpressAppIDGuide/GetAppIDGuideline.html) to obtain AppID and AppSign, and then fill the `ZegoExpressTopicsProject/src/AppSupport/ZegoConfigManager.cpp` file.

```c++
unsigned int ZegoConfigManager::getAppID()
{
    return ;    // input AppID here
}

std::string ZegoConfigManager::getAppSign()
{
    return "";  // input AppSign here
}
```

### 2.2 Build & Run

#### 2.2.1 Open project with Qt Creator

Use Qt Creator to open the `ZegoExpressTopicsProject/src/ZegoExpressTopics.pro` file, click build and run.

#### 2.2.2 Generate sln project file and open it with Visual Studio

Demo supports cross-platform development. There is no platform-specific .sln or .xcodeproj project file. CMake Can be used to generate the corresponding project. The specific steps for generating sln projects on Windows systems are as follows:

1. Install cmake: [download address](https://cmake.org/download/)
2. Set the Path environment variable: add the cmake installation directory `C:\Program Files\CMake\bin` to the Path environment variable
3. Set the Path environment variable: add the Qt installation directory `C:\Qt\Qt5.9.8\5.9.8\msvc2015\bin` to the Path environment variable
4. Set the `QT_DIR` environment variable: Set the `QT_DIR` environment variable to the `C:\Qt\Qt5.9.8\5.9.8\msvc2015` directory
5. Double-click `build-win\generate_vs2015_x86.bat`, the sln project will be generated in the cmake_temp_x86 directory

> The user needs to refer to the cmake and Qt paths given above to find and modify the actual path of the user's local machine.
>
> If there is no sln project file generated in the generated cmake_temp directory, you can view the error generated by `generate_vs2015_x86.bat` runtime to further solve it.
